# Problem Set 4 ― README

**Task:** The problem set comprises one point only:

1.  Use Python to estimate the extent of triadic closure in a real-world, one-mode network.

**Context**:

- the Kossinets-Watts' model (see [week 4
  slideshow](https://github.com/simoneSantoni/net-analysis-smm638/blob/master/week4/slideshow_1.ipynb))
  offers the analytical framework to investigate triadic closure
- the key outcome of the submission is a chart that closely resembles what
  reported in the [week 4
  slideshow](https://github.com/simoneSantoni/net-analysis-smm638/blob/master/week4/slideshow_1.ipynb),
  "Triadic closure in an email exchange network" slide
- the email exchange dataset collected by the SNAP crowd is a suited setting to address the problem:
   * location: https://snap.stanford.edu/data/email-Eu-core-temporal.html
   * data come from a large European research institution. Here's a quote from the SNAP website: "We have anonymized information about all incoming and outgoing email between members of the research institution. The e-mails only represent communication between institution members (the core), and the dataset does not contain incoming messages from or outgoing messages to the rest of the world. A directed edge (u, v, t) means that person u sent an e-mail to person v at time t. A separate edge is created for each recipient of the e-mail. We also have four sub-networks corresponding to the communication between members of four different departments at the institution. Node IDs in the sub-networks do not correspond to the same node ID in the entire network."

**Submission**: Submit your solution via email to simone.santoni.1@city.ac.uk.
Late submissions (> November 18, 2020) may not be considered for the in-class
presentations.
